and the word of the Lord came to me son
and the word of the Lord came to me son of man prophesy against the Shepherd's
of man prophesy against the Shepherd's
of man prophesy against the Shepherd's of Israel prophesy and say to them thus
of Israel prophesy and say to them thus
of Israel prophesy and say to them thus says the Lord God to the Shepherd's woe
says the Lord God to the Shepherd's woe
says the Lord God to the Shepherd's woe to the shepherds of Israel who feed
to the shepherds of Israel who feed
to the shepherds of Israel who feed themselves should not the Shepherd's
themselves should not the Shepherd's
themselves should not the Shepherd's feed the flocks you eat the fat and
feed the flocks you eat the fat and
feed the flocks you eat the fat and clothe yourselves with wool you
clothe yourselves with wool you
clothe yourselves with wool you slaughter the fatling 'z but you do not
slaughter the fatling 'z but you do not
slaughter the fatling 'z but you do not feed the flock the weak you have not
feed the flock the weak you have not
feed the flock the weak you have not strengthened nor have you healed those
strengthened nor have you healed those
strengthened nor have you healed those who were sick nor bound up the broken
who were sick nor bound up the broken
who were sick nor bound up the broken nor brought back what was driven away
nor brought back what was driven away
nor brought back what was driven away nor sought what was lost but with force
nor sought what was lost but with force
nor sought what was lost but with force and cruelty you have ruled them so they
and cruelty you have ruled them so they
and cruelty you have ruled them so they were scattered because there was no
were scattered because there was no
were scattered because there was no Shepherd and they became food for all
Shepherd and they became food for all
Shepherd and they became food for all the beasts of the field when they were
the beasts of the field when they were
the beasts of the field when they were scattered my sheep wandered through all
scattered my sheep wandered through all
scattered my sheep wandered through all the mountain and on every high hill yes
the mountain and on every high hill yes
the mountain and on every high hill yes my flock was scattered over the whole
my flock was scattered over the whole
my flock was scattered over the whole face of the earth and no one was seeking
face of the earth and no one was seeking
face of the earth and no one was seeking or searching for them there for you
or searching for them there for you
or searching for them there for you Shepherds hear the word of the Lord as I
Shepherds hear the word of the Lord as I
Shepherds hear the word of the Lord as I live says the Lord God surely because my
live says the Lord God surely because my
live says the Lord God surely because my flock became a prey and my flock became
flock became a prey and my flock became
flock became a prey and my flock became food for every beast of the field
food for every beast of the field
food for every beast of the field because there was no Shepherd nor did my
because there was no Shepherd nor did my
because there was no Shepherd nor did my Shepherds
Shepherds
Shepherds search for my flock but the Shepherd's
search for my flock but the Shepherd's
search for my flock but the Shepherd's fed themselves and did not feed my flock
fed themselves and did not feed my flock
fed themselves and did not feed my flock therefore o Shepherds hear the word of
therefore o Shepherds hear the word of
therefore o Shepherds hear the word of the Lord
the Lord
the Lord thus says the Lord God behold I am
thus says the Lord God behold I am
thus says the Lord God behold I am against the shepherds and I will require
against the shepherds and I will require
against the shepherds and I will require my flock at their hand I will cause them
my flock at their hand I will cause them
my flock at their hand I will cause them to cease feeding the Sheep
to cease feeding the Sheep
to cease feeding the Sheep and the Shepherd's shall feed themselves
and the Shepherd's shall feed themselves
and the Shepherd's shall feed themselves no more for I will deliver my flock from
no more for I will deliver my flock from
no more for I will deliver my flock from their mouths that they may no longer be
their mouths that they may no longer be
their mouths that they may no longer be food for them for thus says the Lord God
food for them for thus says the Lord God
food for them for thus says the Lord God indeed I myself will search for my sheep
indeed I myself will search for my sheep
indeed I myself will search for my sheep and seek them out as a shepherd seeks
and seek them out as a shepherd seeks
and seek them out as a shepherd seeks out his flock on the day he is among his
out his flock on the day he is among his
out his flock on the day he is among his scattered sheep so will I seek out my
scattered sheep so will I seek out my
scattered sheep so will I seek out my sheep and deliver them from all the
sheep and deliver them from all the
sheep and deliver them from all the places where they were scattered on a
places where they were scattered on a
places where they were scattered on a cloudy and dark day and I will bring
cloudy and dark day and I will bring
cloudy and dark day and I will bring them out from the peoples and gather
them out from the peoples and gather
them out from the peoples and gather them from the countries and will bring
them from the countries and will bring
them from the countries and will bring them to their own land I will feed them
them to their own land I will feed them
them to their own land I will feed them on the mountains of Israel in the
on the mountains of Israel in the
on the mountains of Israel in the valleys and in all the inhabited places
valleys and in all the inhabited places
valleys and in all the inhabited places of the country I will feed them in good
of the country I will feed them in good
of the country I will feed them in good pasture and their fold shall be on the
pasture and their fold shall be on the
pasture and their fold shall be on the high mountains of Israel there they
high mountains of Israel there they
high mountains of Israel there they shall lie down in a good fold and feed
shall lie down in a good fold and feed
shall lie down in a good fold and feed in rich pasture on the mountains of
in rich pasture on the mountains of
in rich pasture on the mountains of Israel I will feed my flock and I will
Israel I will feed my flock and I will
Israel I will feed my flock and I will make them lie down says the Lord God I
make them lie down says the Lord God I
make them lie down says the Lord God I will seek what was lost and bring back
will seek what was lost and bring back
will seek what was lost and bring back what was driven away bind up the broken
what was driven away bind up the broken
what was driven away bind up the broken and strengthened what was sick but I
and strengthened what was sick but I
and strengthened what was sick but I will destroy the fat and the straw and
will destroy the fat and the straw and
will destroy the fat and the straw and feed them in judgment and as for you O
feed them in judgment and as for you O
feed them in judgment and as for you O my flock thus says the Lord God behold I
my flock thus says the Lord God behold I
my flock thus says the Lord God behold I shall judge between sheep and sheep
shall judge between sheep and sheep
shall judge between sheep and sheep between Rams and goats
between Rams and goats
between Rams and goats is it too little for you to have eaten
is it too little for you to have eaten
is it too little for you to have eaten up the good pasture that you must tread
up the good pasture that you must tread
up the good pasture that you must tread down with your feet the residue of your
down with your feet the residue of your
down with your feet the residue of your pasture and to have drunk of the clear
pasture and to have drunk of the clear
pasture and to have drunk of the clear waters that you must foul the residue
waters that you must foul the residue
waters that you must foul the residue with your feet and as for my flock they
with your feet and as for my flock they
with your feet and as for my flock they eat for to have trampled with your feet
eat for to have trampled with your feet
eat for to have trampled with your feet and they drink what you have fouled with
and they drink what you have fouled with
and they drink what you have fouled with your feet therefore thus says the Lord
your feet therefore thus says the Lord
your feet therefore thus says the Lord God to them behold I myself will judge
God to them behold I myself will judge
God to them behold I myself will judge between the fat and the lean sheep
between the fat and the lean sheep
between the fat and the lean sheep because you have pushed with side and
because you have pushed with side and
because you have pushed with side and shoulder butted all the weak ones with
shoulder butted all the weak ones with
shoulder butted all the weak ones with your horns and scattered them abroad
your horns and scattered them abroad
your horns and scattered them abroad therefore I will save my flock and they
therefore I will save my flock and they
therefore I will save my flock and they shall no longer be a prey and I will
shall no longer be a prey and I will
shall no longer be a prey and I will judge between sheep and sheep I will
judge between sheep and sheep I will
judge between sheep and sheep I will establish one Shepherd over them and he
establish one Shepherd over them and he
establish one Shepherd over them and he shall feed them my servant David he
shall feed them my servant David he
shall feed them my servant David he shall feed them and be their Shepherd
shall feed them and be their Shepherd
shall feed them and be their Shepherd and I the Lord will be their God and my
and I the Lord will be their God and my
and I the Lord will be their God and my servant David a prince among them I the
servant David a prince among them I the
servant David a prince among them I the LORD have spoken
LORD have spoken
LORD have spoken I will make a covenant of peace with
I will make a covenant of peace with
I will make a covenant of peace with them and cause wild beasts to cease from
them and cause wild beasts to cease from
them and cause wild beasts to cease from the land and they will dwell safely in
the land and they will dwell safely in
the land and they will dwell safely in the wilderness and sleep in the woods I
the wilderness and sleep in the woods I
the wilderness and sleep in the woods I will make them and the places all around
will make them and the places all around
will make them and the places all around my Hill a blessing and I will cause
my Hill a blessing and I will cause
my Hill a blessing and I will cause showers to come down in their season
showers to come down in their season
showers to come down in their season there shall be showers of blessing then
there shall be showers of blessing then
there shall be showers of blessing then the trees of the field shall yield their
the trees of the field shall yield their
the trees of the field shall yield their fruit and the earth shall yield her
fruit and the earth shall yield her
fruit and the earth shall yield her increase they shall be safe in their
increase they shall be safe in their
increase they shall be safe in their land and they shall know that I am the
land and they shall know that I am the
land and they shall know that I am the Lord when I have broken the bands of
Lord when I have broken the bands of
Lord when I have broken the bands of their yoke and delivered them from the
their yoke and delivered them from the
their yoke and delivered them from the hand of those who enslaved them and they
hand of those who enslaved them and they
hand of those who enslaved them and they shall no longer be a prey for the
shall no longer be a prey for the
shall no longer be a prey for the nations nor shall beasts of the land
nations nor shall beasts of the land
nations nor shall beasts of the land devour them but they shall dwell safely
devour them but they shall dwell safely
devour them but they shall dwell safely and no one shall make them afraid I will
and no one shall make them afraid I will
and no one shall make them afraid I will raise up for them a garden of renown and
raise up for them a garden of renown and
raise up for them a garden of renown and they shall no longer be consumed with
they shall no longer be consumed with
they shall no longer be consumed with hunger in the land nor bear the shame of
hunger in the land nor bear the shame of
hunger in the land nor bear the shame of the Gentiles anymore
the Gentiles anymore
the Gentiles anymore thus they shall know that I the Lord
thus they shall know that I the Lord
thus they shall know that I the Lord their God
their God
their God and with them and they the house of
and with them and they the house of
and with them and they the house of Israel are my people
Israel are my people
Israel are my people you are my flock the flock of my pasture
you are my flock the flock of my pasture
you are my flock the flock of my pasture you are men and I am